Day 2 
    
        This is day 2 of would come at 9:30 am and session would start at 10:30 am. Koushik ask about yesterday’s task I did not complete then Koushik gave excuse to all. In day 2 session is topic of problem solving we talk about problem solving and we start with number block puzzle game it is so interesting and Koushik told make the team of four members and solve the puzzle. Then I make the team with Abdul, Jeffry and Robbin then we are trying to solve the problem with help of notebook but it couldn’t work. Koushik gave only 5 min to solve the problem but it takes time. Then Koushik gave one idea make the 8 pieces of paper do it like a block arrange and solve it that idea is nice we guys are trying that and solve the problem. 
 
Then Koushik gave next problem to solve sudoku he asked, you guys are known sudoku. Most of the person don’t know sudoku then he would teach what is sudoku how to play that sudoku is the full of number 1 to 9 filled with 9 frames but in that frame missed number is there we want to solve with see row and column number. Then we guys try to solve the sudoku we solved two to three boxes. 
 
Then Koushik draw the diagram of bridges and river and wrote A, B, C, D then he told the rules of the problem. The rules of the problem are there or 6 bridges for cross the river A is in centre then B in right then C in top and D in left river are surrounded with all area borders the problem is we started from any side but we can touch six bridges only one time this is the problem. We guys trying hardly to solve the problem but after 10 min also we did not get the answer. Then Koushik say time up he asks what is the answer but no one can find the answer then Koushik say no answer is the answer. Then he asks what you guys are learn from the problem. We answered don’t avoid the problem, find the multiple constrains of the problem. 
 
Then we guys are goes to break After break Abraham came and asked about yesterdays task but we do not finish the task then he asked the reason to all and all are gave the reasons and he gets little angry the he gave the same advice use the intern guys this very use full for your career , Then he gave same task again days1 and with day 2 at the same time and submitted on tomorrow. Then Koushik also gave some advice and he told send the task report to my email. Then Koushik told after lunch 3 pm you guys are go to upstairs and meet working people and talk with them and ask whatever you want and clear the doubts and he asked do disturb working people if they free go and talk are else talk to free one. 
 
 
Day 2 
Then after lunch we guys play table tennis and relax it would be very fun. Then 3 pm we all are goes to upstairs and searching the person for asking questions me and my friends getting little nervures to talk with working peoples. Then we guys start with Richy he perfectly explained about data analyse and about what surfboard payment doing hr would explain nicely. Then he told surfboard supporting like google pay, apple pay, swish, etc, he told surfboard providing payment support in Sweden. Then he shows the documentation of data chart and tells how to analyse the data and what is the important of data analyse. 
 
Then we guys interested in frontend web development we are searching for frontend developers. Then we met Praveen he is the frontend app developer he explains about app development and how it works. And we asked the question about what are the tools using in this company for app frontend development then he explains about that and also, he explains abouts office environment and relationship between senior and junior. Then he told this intern is good opportunity don’t miss it out. Then we asked the intern process and we talk about our careers we asked he how to getting strong into coding career. Then he asked why you guys are loves coding many things we discussed. 
 
Then we met Abhishek he is the web developer for surfboard he explained about web development and he ask why you guys are interested in frontend backend also nice like that he says. Then we asked about what are the libraries this company using in frontend and also ask about typescript he told typescript is similar to java script if you know JS you easily learn it like that he says.  
 
And we would meet Abhishek and Mendy together Abhishek is the cyber security team for surfboard and Mendy is security and IT engineer for surfboard they both explain about securities and we talk about red team and blue team in security team and meaning of red team and blue team and they says his team members names and Abhishek ask you guys are interested in what we told frontend web developer. And this my Day 2 session. 
 
 
