Day 1 
 
            This is my first day internship , I came at 9:30am to office and I very excited to learn new things in this company and the session will start at 10:15am then we guys are introducing our selfs to Koushik and others. And we all are discussing about hobbies with some funs then the session is started with topic of skills we discussed about four type of skills the types are people concentrate and strong with one skill, people concentrate with many skills but not strong , people strong with one skill and touch with multi skillsets , then fourth type is inverted triangle skill this is the rare skill some people who are making practice and consistency regularly that people only get inverted triangle skill then Koushik gave the example for inverted triangle skill with MS Dhoni the example is Dhoni is a wicket keeper and he good in batting and captaincy the he good in pressure handling and team handling this is the example for the inverted triangle skill the skillsets form like inverted triangle. 
 
In that topic of skillsets Koushik asked we guys to tell multiple skill to filling the white board all are told many skills like singing , coding , cooking , running , trading , problem solving , etc finally the board is filled with many skillsets. Koushik asked to tell what is major skill and what is semi major and what is not that much major we guys are told some answers the Koushik make the answers like reading, writing, learning, etc.  
 
Then Koushik moves to topic of programming he asked what is the important of programming all are started to giving answers. The important of programming is reading, writing, learning, researching, problem solving and mathematical thinking. Then he ask what is mathematical thinking and we guys are thinking about that and all are giving wrong answers then Koushik told the answer that answer is thinking about numbers and equations this is simple answer but all are thinking a lot that’s is very fun. 
 
Then we move to topic of problem solving he asked what is problem solving I told solving the problem he asked what problem you solved today no one gave the answer for that question then I say problem solving use for day to day life Koushik say yes correct problem solving involving all of them day to life. Koushik gave some examples like I asked you to buy a pen also problem solving he give this example for problem solving.  
 
Then he draw the car smoke diagram in the white board for problem solving. Then he asked what the solution for that car diagram my friend say change the engine oil that is a funny answer Koushik asked to him if that car is getting smoke you straight away go and changing the oil that is very funny. Then one person say take the car to mechanic and ask what is the problem then another person told change the car sell the car and buy new one these are the constrains for solute the problem. Then Koushik say the main things of problem solving Don’t avoid the problem, understand what is the actual problem, make the constrains of the problem,  research and give the solution of the problem.  
 
Then he draw another diagram about farmer and the ricebag, fox, hen. He give some rules for solving the problem first he says the concept of the diagram that concept is one river and one boat farmer wants to cross the river with ricebag, fox, and hen the rule is any one can go with farmer at the last all of them want to cross the river.  
 
 
 
Day 1 
Koushik give 5 min time to solve the problem and he told take the note and write then only you easily solve the problem then we guys are take the note and trying to solve the problem then finally we solve the problem. The constrains of the problem is hen with ricebag is not stay together because hen eat rice, fox with hen is not stay together, fox with ricebag is possible to stay together these are the constrains. The solution is first take the hen and cross the river and put it in other end then take the fox and cross the river and put the fox in other end and take the hen with you then put the hen in opposite side of fox then take the ricebag and cross the river and put it with fox then again go and take the hen and cross the river and put it this is the solution of the problem. Koushik told important of constrains with this examples.  
 
 
Koushik told today session is over this is the introduction of problem solving you guys are go to break and tomorrow we talk about problem solving remaining. Then we guys are move to break and after we are met new persons of surfboard Abraham and Huskin then Abraham gave intro to himself and give some instructions and Huskin also told some important things about career and internship and he shared his degree background how he enter into information technology field and he told we assume mentor for  you from next week. Then we guys are move to put the fingerprint access in office we guys are go with order of birth month and Abraham gave me the access in third floor. 
 
After fingerprint process we all goes lunch in third floor. In third floor office very good to see that working environment I very excited. And after lunch we back to second floor and talk with friends and make fun. Then Koushik gave one paper filled with skills the he told select top 5 skills and rate the skills with 5 we guys are wrote our skills and Abraham came and ask the skills all are writing I have the skill of learning then Abraham asked what do you learn we guys not gave the answer for that. Then Abraham told again write honestly then all are wrote honestly and old told to Abraham.  
 
 
Then Abraham teach comparison with problem solving and AI and he asked which programming skill is important that important skill are reading, writing, researching. And he gave the task to writing what ever you learn in first day so that is why I preparing the document. 
 
 
