This my day 7 of Intern. The session starts in 10:30am in that session I learn about how to use and, or, not . Then I learn about what is computing, computing is the calculating. Then Koushik say computers are dump humans only intelligent we gave command to the computer then only they works. Then I learn about how computers are understanding binary code. The answer of than question is with the help of volts. Computer understand binary language it is filled with 0 and 1. The way of computer understand the 0 and 1 is 0 is 0 volts and 1 is 5 volts this the way computer can understand binary language. Then we saw how computer works. Computers are made by humans, The computer doing process also same like humans. Then Koushik ask 3+4 for one example we guys told 7 then Koushik ask how you tell 3+4 is 7 we say we will do process in mind. Then Koushik ask how un know 3+4 is 7 then we say that's save in our memory then he says computers also same they save all data in memory then they process and gave output. The process is first computer got inputs from users then they stored in memory then they process and finally they give output. Then Koushik gave some problem diagram then we solved the problem. The session is over. Then I go to meet my mentor he asked about given task I did not complete then he say complete the task I start he gave task of research the history of stock market then I research and explain but he did not satisfied with my answer then he told how to do the research then I would do then researching of early trading then he say after that do some coding practice in code wars. Then I learn JavaScript function. Then he gave another task gave the function to the my frontend website. If I click log in page will move to main page like that he told. Then I do research and Finally I got answer. I do with help of Windows.Location.Href="" then I finished the task. He say do with if conditions then I trying to do that finally that also done. Then he ask report to push in GitHub with the help of git. Then I pushed the reports to GitHub with the help of git. This work are done in day 7 of Intern.